Ruby Route

Get There Safely.  Train of Gravy.						Download Here 

Introdcing the realms first Social Map Currency.  Find your destination, follow the safetey checkpoints, get paid in Tolkiens, redeemable
at bazaars around the world!  Share what you purchase to sow envy amongst your peers!

/* Pictures Here */

Features:  

Easy to read Area Map

"Danger Tracker"-What do you want to avoid?  Witches? Wolves? Goblins? Hackers? Our Master Safteymancers
have you covered!  

Get rewarded for staying safe by aquiring Tolkiens when you reach a safety checkpoint.  These are tokens of life
itself.  Having them means that you are still alive!  The more you have, the more not dead you are!  All bazaars accept them.  They cannot
reject them without casting a performative hex on themselves!  

Share what you buy to show the realm how life-affirming and gracious you are!


Download Here

Reviews: 

Gretel Crumm: I love this app!  Now when I get lost, my brother and I can get double the Tolkiens when we use Ruby Route, letting us 
buy MORE bread instead of using it up!  It's simple, pretty, and it works!

5/5 STARS

Blondie Locke: Other apps like this either have too many feaures or not enough life-affirming money.  Ruby Route is just right.  I can 
track as many or as little danger as I want in order to find the perfect place to update my foodie and nap blogs!  Plus I totally git paid
big bucks!  ~~PRETTY AWESOME I GUESS~~ (ᵔᴥᵔ)(ᵔᴥᵔ)(ᵔᴥᵔ)

2.5/5 STARS


Momma Gothel: This app is simply lucious!  I can keep track of my beloved daughter Rapunzel all the time now!  Nothing soothes my 
worry more than knowing that my dear daughter's hair...I mean...life, is making it's way through our copse sans corpse; bringing to
her mummy plenty of those life-giving Tolkiens.  She gives them willingly of course.  I wonder where she learned such an effervescing 
brand of altruism ;)

4/5 STARS